(bright music)
- All right, it's finally here.
This is the Apple Vision Pro.
This is the beginning of Apple's
spatial computing journey.
Their first headset, AR,
VR, wearable face computer,
whatever you want to call
it, and this is the unboxing.
So everything that I show
you guys in this box,
it's gonna be a representation
of what you would get
should you decide to spend the $3,500
that it takes to get one of these,
or in this case actually $3,900
because this is the 1TB Vision Pro.
You'll see the accessories.
You'll see it booted
up for the first time.
And this is very much the beginning
of our Apple Vision Pro
investigation and series of videos.
So definitely get subscribed
to make sure you're among
the first to see that
when the rest of those come out.
So big box, but the headset
is relatively small.
Shout out to JerryRigEverything
for the knife.
(tape tearing)
And inside.
(gentle music)
This is a really soft box. Whoa.
And this here is a third little box.
So this is an incredibly flimsy box,
but I'll just take this one out.
So the three things we have now
are the Vision Pro headset in this box,
the Vision Pro Zeiss lenses.
So these are optical inserts.
So if you have a prescription,
then these come in the box
and they will magnetically
attach to the headsets,
so if you wear glasses, you
can still use the headset.
And this is the optional $200 extra
Vision Pro Travel Case.
This thing, this is a whole aesthetic.
I'll get to that in a second.
I'm just gonna leave that right here.
But this is the headset itself.
It's gonna slide, yep, out of this.
(gentle music)
So this is like the size of,
I mean, it's bigger than a Mac box.
This might be bigger
than the Mac Studio box,
but there you go.
And it's got all the pull tabs.
I do expect pretty good packaging here.
This is such a high pressure
first gen product for Apple,
so I'm expecting pretty good packaging
for this introduction
to a first gen thing.
Take the tabs off.
(gentle music)
(gentle music continues)
And then it's like a shoebox.
Okay, so there's the headset.
So the headset comes with
this little cover on it,
and it's dressed up
with one of these bands.
This band right here
is the one that you see
in all the commercials.
It's this really soft,
stretchy fabric material,
and it's in this sort of cardboard head.
This is the Solo Knit Band.
There's another band
though that I'm pretty sure
comes with this that is
called the Dual Loop Band.
So I'm gonna put this
to the side real quick
and see what else comes in
this like shoebox-size box.
So this pops off. This is quality.
And then we're into the inside,
which is a Design by Apple
in California pamphlet.
Oh, I bet there's stickers in here.
Oh, there's a microfiber too. Okay.
Then there is the Light Seal Cushion.
Oh, I think you get two of these.
Yeah, there's one thin Light
Seal and one thick Light Seal.
I'll get to that in a second.
And at the top, there's a
lot of explaining to do,
some more heavy Vision Pro paperwork.
And this is the Dual Loop Band.
So this is the second band
that goes both around
the back of your head
and over the top of your head.
We'll try that out for comfort
over the Solo Knit Band.
And then there's your power.
So the battery that
comes with the Vision Pro
is this thing right here.
It's all very white.
Everything in this box is
either white or silver.
It's pretty heavy.
(covering ripping)
So this smells pretty new. (chuckles)
It's got this white braided cable,
and I don't know if Apple's
even called this MagSafe,
but at the end of this cable
is one proprietary connector right there.
And that connector is what plugs
into the side of the headset.
And this is the battery,
the two and a half to three hour battery,
that comes with Vision Pro.
It says on the back actually
3,166 milliamp hours.
I know a lot of phones
that have 5,000 milliamp hour batteries
that feel much lighter than this,
so I'm curious why this feels so heavy,
but that's the battery.
And then in order to get more
than two and a half hours,
or to charge the battery,
you have the cable,
USB-C, and the wall brick.
So let's see what the wall brick says.
I hope it charges fast. 30 watts.
So not super fast, but this
is a 30-watt brick USB type C,
and then a C to C braided cable.
Okay, that's it for
the inside of this box,
so now let's go over these accessories.
So, okay, let's do the paperwork first
because this is probably
the most common stuff.
Everyone's gonna get this.
This is a little booklet
of what's in the box
and a sort of a first.
And that is all the
pairing it to your iPhone,
putting it on for the first
time, connecting the straps.
I'll show you guys this.
Oh, and even how to store
the cable around the battery.
So apparently you do not
wanna wrap it vertically,
but you do wanna wrap it horizontally
with a little bit of slack.
Okay, I bet there's stickers.
So polishing cloth, and that
is a different polishing cloth
to the one that comes with their monitors.
Oh, it's nice and thin.
That's a nice polishing cloth.
People were comparing it to
the like $20 polishing cloth
for the Studio display
and the Pro display,
this is a different polishing cloth.
The front of it is glass.
You're probably gonna want to use this
to wipe it down once in a while,
so I feel like this is
a microfiber I'll keep.
I know some people unboxing this
who are gonna be very disappointed
in the lack of Vision Pro themed stickers.
All right, so when you
buy an Apple Vision Pro,
everyone actually has to go through
a sort of a face scanning process.
So you actually use the iPhone
with the Face ID sensors
to measure the depth
and scan around your eyes and your face,
and you end up with a
custom-fitted Light Seal.
The Light Seal Cushion
is either thin or thick.
So maybe you have the optical inserts
and you want it a little
further from your face
or you just want a little extra cushion,
this would be the thicker
cushion that you would use.
Okay, so there you go.
That's the thicker cushion.
But the idea is the Light
Seal around Vision Pro
is shaped to roughly match your face.
It's not like exactly custom molded.
It's more that they have a preset number
of different sizes and shapes,
and when you do the scan,
it picks the one that matches you the best
to give you the best immersion.
Let's take the plastic or the
cardboard off of Vision Pro,
and, huh, sort of a standard head size,
I guess, right there.
And if we take this
protective off the first time,
dang, there's your glass.
A lot of lights in this room,
so it's gonna be pretty reflective,
but now you can probably imagine
why people are gonna carry
this Vision Pro cloth.
Notice it says Vision
Pro on the microfiber.
Hopefully you can see that.
But yeah, so when you get the headset,
you're gonna notice two things.
One, this is the thicker version,
this thinner version pops off.
And two, this Light Seal.
This is the custom Light
Seal that pops off,
and then you're just left with this.
This is the entire computer
for Apple Vision Pro.
It's pretty small.
It's not unlike a lot
of other VR headsets,
but it's got this aluminum
housing around the outside.
You can see the tons of sensors and glass,
and it is very front weighted.
This Light Seal is what's
ideally shaped to match your face
and block the light out.
It attaches just like AirPods Max,
you've seen AirPods Max
headphone covers just like that.
There you go.
And I'm gonna go with the
thin Light Seal Cushion.
And there's the normal look
to the Vision Pro headset.
Now let's take the Dual Loop Band out
because this is the other one that I.
There's been a lot of
talk about the weight
of the Vision Pro,
and this is the reason
why Apple has decided
to include two bands in the box.
There are different band sizes as well.
So when you measure your
head, you're either getting
a small, medium, or a
large size for your bands.
So I've got mediums of both of these.
For this Dual Loop, let's
take it out so you can see.
So much cardboard.
There's two loops.
One over your head and
one behind your head.
So there's a very specific process
to taking off and attaching
these bands with Vision Pro.
So I'm gonna put this
on for the first time
without booting it up just so
you can see how this works.
So this is the Solo Band right here.
Kind of goes around the back of your head.
And then if I'm in the right, yep,
this spot right here,
this, you just crank this
and it tightens it up.
Yeah, and the weight is
really, basically just now
pulling it onto the front of your face.
All the weight is on the front,
and it kind of lands on your
cheeks and on your forehead.
This is how it looks
in all the commercials.
It's the most simple looking band.
You can pull the band up or down
to kind of adjust the
way it sits on your head,
but as you can probably already tell,
that might get a little uncomfortable.
So to take this band off
and switch to the other one,
all you got to do is you see
this orange pull tab in here?
This orange pull tab is
just to release the band
from the Vision Pro.
So if I pull that, it unclicks the metal,
and I pull that other one,
and it just pops right off.
And that's the headset without
the band attached to it.
And you have these little
pods here over each ear,
which are a bunch of speaker drivers
pointing down into your ear.
These are some seriously small components.
They're so dense though,
like this is heavy despite being small.
So if you wanna put the other band on,
it's basically exactly as you'd expect.
Attaches like that and like that,
and now you can change it with Velcro.
You can make it taller in
the top, taller in the back.
So let's try it.
Let's try taller in the
top and taller in the back.
Well, that's so much
more well distributed.
And I happen to adjust it
pretty close to my head
pretty much perfectly.
That is gonna be much
easier to wear for longer,
but of course now you have this thing
across the top of your head,
so not everybody's gonna like that,
but I think it's immediately a better fit.
It's more comfortable. Wow, okay.
I'm probably gonna be
using that more often.
But let's get to this travel case.
So this I guess isn't really a travel case
as much as it's just like
a protective outer layer
for the glass since this whole outside,
which has a ton of fingerprints already,
is just covered in glass.
You might wanna just pop it in here,
and then theoretically you can
maybe put that in a backpack.
I don't know if you would
want to, but. (laughs)
This is the external extra
Vision Pro Travel Case.
It's got this handle on the top,
but when it extends out a
little bit, that's nice.
That's well thought. Nice and tight.
And then
(zippers rasping)
it opens up, and it's got sort of molding
in the places that you'd put the headset.
So this is where the battery will go.
And it's even got this
molded spot for the cable,
so I can slide that in
there, Velcro it down,
and the cable should be
able to just wrap in here.
Then the other side,
another case?
And then it says this is where
your, oh, accessory pouch.
So this is where you put polishing cloth,
power brick, and USB-C charging cable.
These things make sense.
Keep them in there.
Activated carbon deodorizer. Do not eat.
Then you put the headset in here,
put the accessories in
there, and close it up.
That's actually pretty solid.
I know people were making fun of the price
of the $200 Vision Pro accessory case.
But the thing is I wouldn't
wanna travel with this
without the case,
and I do think people are
gonna wanna travel with this.
The number one use case
I've been looking forward to
with Vision Pro is airplanes,
so I'm gonna need a pretty big backpack
to have extra room for all of this,
but I do think I'm gonna be trying that.
Let's boot it up for the first time.
Let's get it all set up.
So this is what you'll have to do
when you get out Vision Pro, ready?
Open the case. Get your battery out first.
The battery has a
special cable on the end.
Get your headset out, maybe
take off your knit cap
or whatever this is called.
Pick between your thick
or thin Light Seal cover.
I'll go thin.
Pick between your Dual Loop
or your Solo Knit Band.
I'll go Solo Knit.
And then if you wanna charge it up
or plug it straight into the wall,
the battery doesn't appear
to have a removable cable.
I'm sure some Apple Store has
some tool to remove this cable
whenever they need to replace it,
but what it does have is
a USB-C port on the side.
So if I ever wanna just plug the headset
straight into the wall,
I'm plugging the battery
straight into the wall.
But assuming it's charged,
the last step here
is to go to the left side of the headset.
And you see this little proprietary
circular thing right here?
All I'm gonna do is line
up the dot with the bottom
and then twist and it'll
start to glow just like that,
and that means it's starting
up for the first time.
Takes about a minute to boot up.
And then
I will go right into the setup process,
which I'm sure you'll
all wanna see on camera.
Ah.
(gentle startup music)
And I see a checkbox.
(Vision Pro bleeping)
How do I look? Ridiculous?
Do I look great or ridiculous?
Decent? Okay, I can see you guys.
So there's a little hello script,
and it's booting up for the first time,
but I'm gonna save this,
all of this setup and all
of this using Vision Pro.
That's gonna be the next video.
So last thing I'm gonna show
you is the Zeiss lenses.
If you happen to wear glasses
or have a prescription,
you will be able to use this headset
as well with that prescription
with a $100 pair of Zeiss lenses.
I think it's 100 bucks for readers
and 150 for prescription lenses.
But either way, they're really quite small
and they're magnetic.
And since Zeiss runs the world of glass,
this is kind of your only option
is these things right here.
All you got to do though to
attach them is to this off.
And you grab one of the
prescription lenses,
and you just
(lenses snapping)
snap it in place like that.
Hope you could see that.
(lenses snapping)
It's a pretty strong magnet.
I do not have a prescription,
but what I've been told
is then you go ahead
and scan this code with the headset
so that it knows what your prescription is
and adjusts everything accordingly,
which I think is pretty well thought out.
But I think that's where I
have to end it, so stay tuned.
Definitely get subscribed
for the following videos
'cause you already know I
got to set this thing up.
I got to show you guys
how to use Vision Pro.
Show you guys what I've been talking about
as far as weight distribution,
the games that you can play,
the experiences you can have,
the movies you can watch,
the apps that it has.
There's a lot more, so get
subscribed to see that.
And big shout out to the
sponsor of this video, Anker.
So if you're even considering
getting a Vision Pro,
you probably already have an iPhone,
in which case it would be
good to at least know about
Anker's new MagGo lineup.
So they've got some charging accessories.
This one I think is pretty
sweet. This is a three-in-one.
So it's called the
Wireless Charging Station.
It unfolds, it's lightweight and compact,
and you can charge three things at once.
Your iPhone up on the MagSafe charger,
then something like AirPods down here
at the Qi charger at the bottom,
and flip out an Apple Watch charger.
And a 30 minute charge can
give your Apple Watch Series 9
almost 50% battery.
But this one is actually
super convenient to me.
This is the MagGo Power Bank.
So again, MagSafe, slaps right
on the back of the phone,
but it's got the screen on it
so you can always charge on the go.
And there's a built-in battery,
and we love good built-in battery,
but it's 10,000 milliamp hours,
so you can charge your iPhone
15 Pro almost two full times
without even plugging into the wall.
And there's also a nice little stand,
so you can have it in a,
what's that feature called,
standby mode, whenever you want
just by popping it up like that.
So I like that too.
So both of these things
can charge your devices
at up to 15 watts wirelessly.
And they're good with Qi2 as well,
so they can charge your non
iPhones if you want that.
So I think it's worth it.
Check it out. Link in the description.
And shout out to Anker again
for sponsoring this portion of the video.
So that's been it.
Thanks again for watching,
and I'm gonna go set up my Vision Pro now.
Catch you guys in the next one. Peace.
(quirky electronic music)